docs(localize): add warning about ICU not working with $localize, adap… (#49744)
angular/angular: aio/content/guide/i18n-common-prepare.md

ICU expressions help you mark alternate text in component templates to meet conditions.
An ICU expression includes a component property, an ICU clause, and the case statements surrounded by open curly brace \(`{`\) and close curly brace \(`}`\) characters.

<div class="alert is-helpful">

> ICU expressions will only work in templates, not when using $localize in other angular code.   

Reviewer: ```suggestion
ICU expressions will only work in Angular templates. ICUs are **not** supported in $localize calls in TypeScript code.   
```

</div>

  
<!--todo: replace with code-example -->

In the example we assume that the variable numberOfItems exists in the template and use the plural function to render correct pluralization.
  
<code-example>  
  
`<span i18n>

>   Item count: {numberOfItems, plural, =0 { No item } =1 { One item } other { {{numberOfItems }} items }} }

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  Item count: {numberOfItems, plural, =0 { No item } =1 { One item } other { {{ numberOfItems }} items }} }
```
